editor/src/site/markdown/usage.md, before:

## Configuration Editor usage

### Basic concepts

The Configuration Editor is a template which is used inside the '/content' tree. It allows to edit configurations for the inner-most context that is detected within the context tree (e.g. by defining `sling:configRef` properties). Where the configuration itself is stored depends on your system settings, by default it's stored in `/conf`.

You cannot define the contexts via the configuration editor, you have to set the `sling:configRef` manually or within the page properties of your content templates, or by defining custom context path strategies. But once your contexts are defined you can create a config editor page within each context and edit the configuration parameters.

The configuration editor supports only editing configuration for which configuration metadata is present. This is normally done by deploying configuration annotation classes with your applications.

See [Apache Sling Context-Aware Configuration documentation][sling-caconfig] for more details.


### Installation

In most cases you will deploy the configuration editor bundle `io.wcm.caconfig.editor` together with your application. In this case you should define your own template definition for it which controls where editor config pages can created (see next section).

Alternatively you can deploy this AEM package which contains the config editor bundle together with a template definition which allows all paths below `/content`:

|---|---|---|
| [wcm.io Context-Aware Configuration Editor AEM Package with Template Definition](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.caconfig.editor.package) | [![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.caconfig.editor.package/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.caconfig.editor.package) |


When you are using AEM 6.1 or 6.2 you have to additionally deploy the Apache Sling Context-Aware Configuration bundles (API, SPI, Impl) to AEM. In AEM 6.3 you have to update the Apache Sling Context-Aware Configuration SPI and Impl version to the latest version if you want to use Editor version 1.1 and upwards. See [Deploy and configure Context-Aware Configuration in AEM][deploy-configure-caconfig-in-aem] for details.

In most cases the default persistence implementation provided by Apache Sling or AEM 6.3 is not enough for the needs of AEM applications. [wcm.io Context-Aware Configuration Extensions][wcmio-caconfig-extensions] provide additional implementations and features.


### Defining the editor template

The editor application contains an AEM template definition, but it is deactivated by default. Each application
has to define it's own editor template with a fitting `allowedPaths` definition and title depending
on the needs of the application.

Only the template has to be defined, the page component resource type can be referenced. Example:

```json
{
  "jcr:primaryType": "cq:Template",
  "jcr:title": "Configuration Editor",

  "allowedPaths": "^/content(/.*)?$",

  "jcr:content": {
    "jcr:primaryType": "cq:PageContent",
    "sling:resourceType": "/apps/wcm-io/caconfig/editor/components/page/editor"
  }
}
```


### Editor GUI

![Configuration Overview](images/configuration-overview.png)

When opening the Configuration Editor an overview of all configurations is displayed for which some configuration data is present. By using the "Add" button you can enter new configuration data for other configurations where no data exists yet.

![Singleton Configuration](images/configuration-editor-singleton.png)

For a singleton configuration all configuration parameters are displayed and can be changed. With the "Save" button the changes are persisted, the "Delete" button removes the whole configuration.

![ConfigurationL Collection](images/configuration-editor-list.png)

For a configuration collection all existing collection items are displayed, and new ones can be added after entering a name. Single items or the whole configuration collection can be removed.



The editor is based on AngularJS and CoralUI.


### Using custom edit widgets

For each data type (string, number, boolean) the fitting edit widget is chosen automatically. Alternatively you can define custom widgets via extra properties on the `@Property` annotation. Currently only `pathbrowser` is supported.

Define a path browser widget for a string parameter with fixed path:

```java
@Property(label = "DAM Path", description = "Browse DAM assets.", property = {
    "widgetType=pathbrowser",
    "pathbrowserRootPath=/content/dam"
})
String damPath();
```

Define a path browser widget for a string parameter with the current configuration context path as root path:

```java
@Property(label = "Context Path", description = "Browse pages in the current site.", property = {
    "widgetType=pathbrowser",
    "pathbrowserRootPathContext=true"
})
String contextPath();
```


### Disable Editor on Publish

You should disable the configuration editor on publish by applying an OSGi configuration like this:

```
[configurations runModes=publish]
  
  # Disable Configuration Editor on publish
  io.wcm.caconfig.editor.impl.EditorConfig
    enabled=B"false"
```



[sling-caconfig]: http://sling.apache.org/documentation/bundles/context-aware-configuration/context-aware-configuration.html
[deploy-configure-caconfig-in-aem]: http://wcm.io/caconfig/deploy-configure-caconfig-in-aem.html
[wcmio-caconfig-extensions]: http://wcm.io/caconfig/extensions/

Commit message:

WCON-32 add documentation define dedicated parameter in sample configuration

editor/src/site/markdown/usage.md, after:

## Configuration Editor usage

### Basic concepts

The Configuration Editor is a template which is used inside the '/content' tree. It allows to edit configurations for the inner-most context that is detected within the context tree (e.g. by defining `sling:configRef` properties). Where the configuration itself is stored depends on your system settings, by default it's stored in `/conf`.

You cannot define the contexts via the configuration editor, you have to set the `sling:configRef` manually or within the page properties of your content templates, or by defining custom context path strategies. But once your contexts are defined you can create a config editor page within each context and edit the configuration parameters.

The configuration editor supports only editing configuration for which configuration metadata is present. This is normally done by deploying configuration annotation classes with your applications.

See [Apache Sling Context-Aware Configuration documentation][sling-caconfig] for more details.


### Installation

In most cases you will deploy the configuration editor bundle `io.wcm.caconfig.editor` together with your application. In this case you should define your own template definition for it which controls where editor config pages can created (see next section).

Alternatively you can deploy this AEM package which contains the config editor bundle together with a template definition which allows all paths below `/content`:

|---|---|---|
| [wcm.io Context-Aware Configuration Editor AEM Package with Template Definition](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.caconfig.editor.package) | [![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.caconfig.editor.package/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.wcm/io.wcm.caconfig.editor.package) |


When you are using AEM 6.1 or 6.2 you have to additionally deploy the Apache Sling Context-Aware Configuration bundles (API, SPI, Impl) to AEM. In AEM 6.3 you have to update the Apache Sling Context-Aware Configuration SPI and Impl version to the latest version if you want to use Editor version 1.1 and upwards. See [Deploy and configure Context-Aware Configuration in AEM][deploy-configure-caconfig-in-aem] for details.

In most cases the default persistence implementation provided by Apache Sling or AEM 6.3 is not enough for the needs of AEM applications. [wcm.io Context-Aware Configuration Extensions][wcmio-caconfig-extensions] provide additional implementations and features.


### Defining the editor template

The editor application contains an AEM template definition, but it is deactivated by default. Each application
has to define it's own editor template with a fitting `allowedPaths` definition and title depending
on the needs of the application.

Only the template has to be defined, the page component resource type can be referenced. Example:

```json
{
  "jcr:primaryType": "cq:Template",
  "jcr:title": "Configuration Editor",

  "allowedPaths": "^/content(/.*)?$",

  "jcr:content": {
    "jcr:primaryType": "cq:PageContent",
    "sling:resourceType": "/apps/wcm-io/caconfig/editor/components/page/editor"
  }
}
```


### Editor GUI

![Configuration Overview](images/configuration-overview.png)

When opening the Configuration Editor an overview of all configurations is displayed for which some configuration data is present. By using the "Add" button you can enter new configuration data for other configurations where no data exists yet.

![Singleton Configuration](images/configuration-editor-singleton.png)

For a singleton configuration all configuration parameters are displayed and can be changed. With the "Save" button the changes are persisted, the "Delete" button removes the whole configuration.

![ConfigurationL Collection](images/configuration-editor-list.png)

For a configuration collection all existing collection items are displayed, and new ones can be added after entering a name. Single items or the whole configuration collection can be removed.



The editor is based on AngularJS and CoralUI.


### Using custom edit widgets

For each data type (string, number, boolean) the fitting edit widget is chosen automatically. Alternatively you can define custom widgets via extra properties on the `@Property` annotation.

#### pathbrowser

Define a path browser widget for a string parameter with fixed path:

```java
@Property(label = "DAM Path", description = "Browse DAM assets.", property = {
    "widgetType=pathbrowser",
    "pathbrowserRootPath=/content/dam"
})
String damPath();
```

Define a path browser widget for a string parameter with the current configuration context path as root path:

```java
@Property(label = "Context Path", description = "Browse pages in the current site.", property = {
    "widgetType=pathbrowser",
    "pathbrowserRootPathContext=true"
})
String contextPath();
```

#### richtexteditor

Enable a rich text editor in modal popup for a string parameter:

```java
@Property(label = "Rich Text Param", description = "String parameter with rich text editor.", property = {
    "widgetType=richtexteditor"
})
String richTextParam();
```


### Disable Editor on Publish

You should disable the configuration editor on publish by applying an OSGi configuration like this:

```
[configurations runModes=publish]
  
  # Disable Configuration Editor on publish
  io.wcm.caconfig.editor.impl.EditorConfig
    enabled=B"false"
```



[sling-caconfig]: http://sling.apache.org/documentation/bundles/context-aware-configuration/context-aware-configuration.html
[deploy-configure-caconfig-in-aem]: http://wcm.io/caconfig/deploy-configure-caconfig-in-aem.html
[wcmio-caconfig-extensions]: http://wcm.io/caconfig/extensions/
