sample-app/README.md, before:

wcm.io Context-Aware Configuration AEM Sample
=============================================

Deploy sample project
---------------------

You can use this script for a full deployment (application, sample content, configuration) into a local AEM 6.1 instance running at http://localhost:4502:

```
clean_install_deploy_package.sh
```

This script also cleans and builds all maven projects and generates eclipse project files.


Open Configuration Editor
-------------------------

Open configuration editor at<br/>
[http://localhost:4502/content/contextaware-config-sample/en/config.html](http://localhost:4502/content/contextaware-config-sample/en/config.html)

To see how inheritance and override works you can also look at<br/>
[http://localhost:4502/content/contextaware-config-sample/en/sub-page/config.html](http://localhost:4502/content/contextaware-config-sample/en/sub-page/config.html)<br/>
[http://localhost:4502/content/contextaware-config-sample/en/sub-page/sub-page-override/config.html](http://localhost:4502/content/contextaware-config-sample/en/sub-page/sub-page-override/config.html)


Inspect Configuration
---------------------

You can look how the configuration is stored in the repository by browsing through `/conf/contextaware-config-sample`.

Commit message:

create separate variants and scripts for deployment with default and aem page persistence strategy

sample-app/README.md, after:

wcm.io Context-Aware Configuration AEM Sample
=============================================

Deploy sample project
---------------------

You can use this scripts for a full deployment (application, sample content, configuration) into local AEM 6.1 or higher instances.

Using the **AEM Page Persistence Strategy** from wcm.io Context-Aware Configuration Extensions:

* `clean_install_deploy_package.sh` -> deploy to author on port 4502
* `clean_install_deploy_package.sh` -> deploy to publish on port 4503

Using the **default Persistence Strategy** from Sling Context-Aware Configuration:

* `clean_install_deploy_package_defaultpersistence.sh` -> deploy to author on port 4502
* `clean_install_deploy_package_defaultpersistence.sh` -> deploy to publish on port 4503


Open Configuration Editor
-------------------------

Open configuration editor at<br/>
[http://localhost:4502/content/contextaware-config-sample/en/config.html](http://localhost:4502/content/contextaware-config-sample/en/config.html)

To see how inheritance and override works you can also look at<br/>
[http://localhost:4502/content/contextaware-config-sample/en/sub-page/config.html](http://localhost:4502/content/contextaware-config-sample/en/sub-page/config.html)<br/>
[http://localhost:4502/content/contextaware-config-sample/en/sub-page/sub-page-override/config.html](http://localhost:4502/content/contextaware-config-sample/en/sub-page/sub-page-override/config.html)


Inspect Configuration
---------------------

You can look how the configuration is stored in the repository by browsing through `/conf/contextaware-config-sample`.
